name	mn	cn	description
UCSB Stage Dedicated Replica Server 3	urn:node:mnStageUCSB3	STAGING	UCSB Stage Dedicated Replica Server 3
mn-stage-unm-1	urn:node:mnStageUNM1	STAGING	University New Mexico Stage Member Node 1
UCSB Stage Dedicated Replica Server 2	urn:node:mnStageUCSB2	STAGING	UCSB Stage Dedicated Replica Server 2
PISCO Test MN	urn:node:mnStagePISCO	STAGING	Test instance of the PISCO member node
SEAD Virtual Archive	urn:node:mnTestSEAD	STAGING	"SEAD Virtual Archive is part of the SEAD DataNet project [http://sead-data.net/].
        SEAD Virtual Archive is a thin virtualization layer on top of multiple university Institutional Repositories
        focusing on preservation of long-tail scientific data.
    "
Stage test for PASTA-GMN	urn:node:mnTestLTER	STAGING	The U.S. Long Term Ecological Research Network (LTER) data include ecological observations from the study of pattern and control of primary production, movement of both organic and inorganic matter, disturbance patterns, and the spatial and temporal distribution of populations selected to represent trophic structure. The data originates from 27 sites across the conterminous United States of America, Alaska, Antarctica, Puerto Rico, and French Polynesia and spans a period from over 100 years ago to the present.
mn Test MPC	urn:node:mnTestMPC	STAGING	The Minnesota Population Center disseminates integrated census and survey data from the U.S. and around the world, along with global environmental data on topics including land use, land cover, and climate. MPC data holdings include microdata (describing individuals and households), area-level data (describing places), and raster data. The data are designed to be interoperable for spatiotemporal comparisons and MPC data access systems include tools for integrating across data sets and formats.
TERN Australia DEV	urn:node:mnTestAEKOS	STAGING	TERN is Australia's land ecosystem observatory. TERN observes and measures the cause and effect of ecosystem change-from site to continental scale-and delivers data streams that enable environmental research and management.
GRIIDC Test DataONE member node	urn:node:mnTestGRIIDC	STAGING	GRIIDC Test DataONE Member Node
NEON Test Member Node	urn:node:mnTestNEON	STAGING	NEON Test Member Node
Organization for Tropical Studies	urn:node:mnTestOTS	STAGING	OTSCostaRica
NSF Arctic Data Center Test Repository	urn:node:mnTestARCTIC	STAGING	The National Science Foundation's Arctic Data Center operates as the primary data repository supporting the NSF Arctic community for data preservation and data discovery.
Cornell Lab of Ornithology - eBird	urn:node:mnTestCLOEBIRD	STAGING	eBird collects observational data on birds from around the world with a date range from 1800 to current. eBird is a valuable data resource for science and conservation, collecting millions of bird observations per month.
Research Workspace Testing	urn:node:mnTestRW	STAGING	Integration testing for Research Workspace
Rolling Deck to Repository (R2R)	urn:node:mnTestR2R	STAGING	Allow data from the Rolling Deck to Repository (R2R) at http://www.rvdata.us/ to be accessed through the DataONE infrastructure.
Environmental Data Initiative Member Node	urn:node:mnTestEDI	STAGING	Environmental Data Initiative Member Node
NCEI Test Member Node at NCEAS	urn:node:mnTestNCEI	STAGING	This DataONE Member Node was setup on NCEAS server for NCEI testing. This system will work in test mode to illustrate the concept of replication between the Arctic Data Center Server and the NCEI Test Server.
Pangaea	urn:node:mnTestPANGAEA	STAGING	PANGAEA is an Open Access library aimed at archiving, publishing and distributing georeferenced data from earth system research.
ESS-DIVE Data Archive	urn:node:mnTestESS_DIVE	STAGING	ESS-DIVE archives and publicly shares data obtained from terrestrial and subsurface ecosystem research related to the U.S. Department of Energy's Environmental Systems Science (ESS) program.
CyVerse Member Node Testing	urn:node:mnTestCyVerse	STAGING	"The CyVerse Data Commons provides services throughout CyVerse cyberinfrastructure to help users create, manage, curate,
publish, discover, and reuse data on the Data Store .
"
UCSB Stage Dedicated Replica Server 4	urn:node:mnStageUCSB4	STAGING	UCSB Stage Dedicated Replica Server 4
IEDA	urn:node:mnTestIEDA	STAGING	IEDA Staging
Chinese Ecosystem Research Network (CERN)	urn:node:mnTestCAS_CERN	STAGING	Chinese Ecosystem Research Network (CERN) is a national network intended to integrate networked observation, experiment, and modeling of the typical ecosystems in China. This member node (CAS_CERN) includes various data obtained from long-term observation, investigation and simulation, which is critical to help detect and understand ecosystem changes of China.
Cary Institute	urn:node:mnTestCARY	STAGING	Cary Institute (Powered by Figshare)
IEDA EARTHCHEM	urn:node:IEDA_EARTHCHEM	STAGING	IEDA EARTHCHEM Staging
IEDA USAP	urn:node:IEDA_USAP	STAGING	IEDA USAP Staging
IEDA MGDL	urn:node:IEDA_MGDL	STAGING	IEDA MGDL Staging
GMN Test 1	urn:node:mnTestGMN1	STAGING	GMN Test 1
GMN Dev Test	urn:node:mnTestGMNLocal	STAGING	Roger's local dev branch GMN test instance
ARM Stage	urn:node:mnTestARM	STAGING	ARM Stage
KILTHUB Stage	urn:node:mnTestKILTHUB	STAGING	KILTHUB Stage
PNDB Metacat TEST Node	urn:node:mnTestPNDB	STAGING	PNDB Metacat TEST Node
Test Hydroshare	urn:node:mnTestHYDROSHARE	STAGING	Test instance of Hydroshare slender node for development.
KNB Data Repository	urn:node:KNB	PROD	The Knowledge Network for Biocomplexity (KNB) is a national network intended to facilitate ecological and environmental research on biocomplexity.
ESA Data Registry	urn:node:ESA	PROD	The data sets registered here are associated with articles published in the journals of the Ecological Society of America.
SANParks Data Repository	urn:node:SANPARKS	PROD	The South African National Park Data Repository is the primary source for comprehensive information about scientific and research data sets collected throughout the South African National Park System.
ORNL DAAC	urn:node:ORNLDAAC	PROD	The ORNL DAAC archives data produced by NASA's Terrestrial Ecology Program. The DAAC provides data and information relevant to biogeochemical dynamics, ecological data, and environmental processes, critical for understanding the dynamics relating to the biological, geological, and chemical components of Earth's environment.
U.S. LTER Network	urn:node:LTER	PROD	The U.S. Long Term Ecological Research Network (LTER) data include ecological observations from the study of pattern and control of primary production, movement of both organic and inorganic matter, disturbance patterns, and the spatial and temporal distribution of populations selected to represent trophic structure. The data originates from 27 sites across the conterminous United States of America, Alaska, Antarctica, Puerto Rico, and French Polynesia and spans a period from over 100 years ago to the present.
UC3 Merritt	urn:node:CDL	PROD	A cross-domain repository for data and metadata provided by the University of California Curation Center, California Digital Library at the University of California
PISCO MN	urn:node:PISCO	PROD	The Partnership for Interdisciplinary Studies of Coastal Oceans is a long-term ecosystem research and monitoring program established with the goals of understanding dynamics of the coastal ocean ecosystem along the U.S. west coast,  sharing that knowledge so ocean managers and policy makers can take science&#8208
ONEShare DataONE Member Node	urn:node:ONEShare	PROD	A DataONE member node implemented in GMN.
DataONE ORC Dedicated Replica Server	urn:node:mnORC1	PROD	A server that provides replica storage across the DataONE Network for all participating institutions
DataONE UNM Dedicated Replica Server	urn:node:mnUNM1	PROD	A server that provides replica storage across the DataONE Network for all participating institutions
DataONE UCSB Dedicated Replica Server	urn:node:mnUCSB1	PROD	A server that provides replica storage across the DataONE Network for all participating institutions
TFRI Data Catalog	urn:node:TFRI	PROD	TFRI emphasizes the sustainable management and multi-purpose utilization of forests
USA National Phenology Network	urn:node:USANPN	PROD	DataONE member node hosting annual phenology datasets for the USA-NPN.
SEAD Virtual Archive	urn:node:SEAD	PROD	"SEAD Virtual Archive is part of the SEAD DataNet project [http://sead-data.net/].
    SEAD Virtual Archive is a thin virtualization layer on top of multiple university Institutional Repositories
    focusing on preservation of long-tail scientific data.
"
Gulf of Alaska Data Portal	urn:node:GOA	PROD	The Gulf of Alaska Data Portal archives environmental observations arising from monitoring and experimentation in the Gulf of Alaska and related regions, and particularly in oil-impacted regions of Prince William Sound and locations on the southern coast of Alaska. Many data sets are time series data spanning multiple decades and continuing through the present.  The Gulf of Alaska Data Portal provides long-term, consistent, scientific data that is critical to allow us to detect and understand ecosystem changes and shifts that directly or indirectly (e.g. through food web relationships) influence the species and ecosystem services of the Gulf of Alaska.
University of Kansas - Biodiversity Institute	urn:node:KUBI	PROD	This DataONE Member Node is operated by The University of Kansas Biodiversity Institute.  The contents of this node are predicted climate layers used for species distribution models.
LTER Europe Member Node	urn:node:LTER_EUROPE	PROD	DataOne node for LTER-Europe
Dryad Digital Repository	urn:node:DRYAD	PROD	Dryad is an international repository of data underlying peer-reviewed scientific and medical literature.
Cornell Lab of Ornithology - eBird	urn:node:CLOEBIRD	PROD	eBird collects observational data on birds from around the world with a date range from 1800 to current. eBird is a valuable data resource for science and conservation, collecting millions of bird observations per month.
EDAC Gstore Repository	urn:node:EDACGSTORE	PROD	Earth Data Analysis Center's (EDAC) Geographical Storage, Transformation and Retrieval Engine (GSTORE) platform archives data produced by various NM organizations, including NM EPSCoR and RGIS. GSTORE primarily houses GIS and other digital documents relevant to state agencies, local government, and scientific researchers. See RGIS and NM EPSCoR for more information on the scope of data. It currently uses the FGDC metadata standard to describe all of its holdings.
Montana IoE Data Repository	urn:node:IOE	PROD	The Montana Institute on Ecosystems (IoE) Data Repository archives and manages ecological research collections produced investigators within the Montana University System. The Montana IoE Data Repository is also the primary archive for data products generated by Montana EPSCoR projects.
Minnesota Population Center	urn:node:US_MPC	PROD	The Minnesota Population Center disseminates integrated census and survey data from the U.S. and around the world; spatial boundary data for U.S. and international administrative units; and global environmental data on topics including land use, land cover, and climate. MPC data holdings include microdata (describing individuals and households), area-level data (describing places), and raster data. The data are designed to be interoperable for spatiotemporal comparisons and MPC data access systems include tools for integrating across data sets and formats.
Environmental Data for the Oak Ridge Area (EDORA)	urn:node:EDORA	PROD	Environmental Data for the Oak Ridge Area (EDORA), including the Walker Branch Watershed.  These projects have all contributed to a more complete understanding of how forest watersheds function and have provided insights into the solution of energy-related problems associated with air pollution, contaminant transport, and forest nutrient dynamics. This is one of a few sites in the world characterized by long-term, intensive environmental studies.
Regional and Global biogeochemical dynamics Data (RGD)	urn:node:RGD	PROD	Regional and global biogeochemical dynamics data can be used to improve our understanding of the structure and function of various ecosystems; to enable prediction across spatial and temporal scales; and to parameterize and validate terrestrial ecosystem models.
GLEON Data Repository	urn:node:GLEON	PROD	Data archive for the Global Lakes Ecological Observatory Network (GLEON), an international community of Lake researchers.
IARC Data Archive	urn:node:IARC	PROD	The International Arctic Research Center (IARC) Data Archive, a long term repository for Arctic data.
NM EPSCoR Tier 4 Node	urn:node:NMEPSCOR	PROD	New Mexico Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research Data Collection
TERN Australia	urn:node:TERN	PROD	TERN is Australia's land ecosystem observatory. TERN observes and measures the cause and effect of ecosystem change-from site to continental scale-and delivers data streams that enable environmental research and management.
Northwest Knowledge Network	urn:node:NKN	PROD	NKN manages diverse collections of research data across many disciplines, with a strong emphasis on earth science, ecology, environmental, climate, and hydrology.  We focus on archiving data specific to Idaho and the Pacific Northwest region.  Much of our data is collected under recent or current federally funded grants such as NSF EPSCoR, USDA REACCH, or USGS Climate Science Center.  Our largest data collections include raw and processed regional LiDAR products, downscaled climate scenario data (netCDF), and legacy stream ecology datasets.
USGS Science Data Catalog	urn:node:USGS_SDC	PROD	The Science Data Catalog describes USGS-produced, authoritative data that have undergone the data release process outlined in the USGS Fundamental Science Practices. The Catalog includes metadata describing individual datasets, data collections and observational or remotely-sensed data contained in national systems (rather than records about individual observations).
NRDC DataONE member node	urn:node:NRDC	PROD	Production Member Node for Nevada Research Data Center (NRDC)
NOAA NCEI Environmental Data Archive	urn:node:NCEI	PROD	The NOAA National Centers for Environmental Information (NCEI) is the merger of NOAA's three former National Data Centers: The National Oceanographic Data Center (NODC), the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC), and the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC).
PPBio	urn:node:PPBIO	PROD	Western Amazonian Biodiversity Research Project
NEON Member Node	urn:node:NEON	PROD	NEON Production Member Node
The Digital Archaeological Record	urn:node:TDAR	PROD	tDAR is an international digital archive and repository that houses data about archaeological investigations, research, resources, and scholarship.  tDAR provides researchers new avenues to discover and integrate information relevant to topics they are studying. Users can search tDAR for digital documents, data sets, images, GIS files, and other data resources from archaeological projects spanning the globe.  For data sets, users also can use data integration tools in tDAR to simplify and illuminate comparative research.
Arctic Data Center	urn:node:ARCTIC	PROD	The US National Science Foundation Arctic Data Center operates as the primary repository supporting the NSF Arctic community for data preservation and access. The Center helps the research community reproducibly preserve and discover all products of NSF-funded science in the Arctic, including data, metadata, software, documents, and provenance that link these in an open and reproducible way.
Biological and Chemical Oceanography Data Management Office (BCO-DMO)	urn:node:BCODMO	PROD	DataONE proxy for BCO-DMO, the Biological and Chemical Oceanography Data Management Office.
Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative Information and Data Cooperative (GRIIDC)	urn:node:GRIIDC	PROD	The Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative Information and Data Cooperative (GRIIDC) is the vehicle by which the Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative (GoMRI) makes all the data collected under its funding publicly available. GRIIDC houses data collected from a wide variety of science disciplines all related to the impacts of the oil, dispersed oil, and dispersants on the ecosystems of the Gulf of Mexico and affected coastal States in a broad context of improving fundamental understanding of the dynamics of such events and their environmental stresses and public health implications.
Rolling Deck to Repository (R2R)	urn:node:R2R	PROD	Allow data from the Rolling Deck to Repository (R2R) at http://www.rvdata.us/ to be accessed through the DataONE infrastructure.
Environmental Data Initiative	urn:node:EDI	PROD	The Environmental Data Initiative is an NSF-funded project meant to accelerate curation and archive of environmental data, emphasizing data from projects funded by the NSF DEB.  Programs served include Long Term Research in Environmental Biology (LTREB), Organization for Biological Field Stations (OBFS), Macrosystems Biology (MSB), and Long Term Ecological Research (LTER). Note that data from the LTER program may be found on the LTER Member Node.
A Member Node for University of Illinois at Chicago.	urn:node:UIC	PROD	The University of Illinois at Chicago, a renowned Research Institute, has under its operations a DataONE Member Node to make various research data available from other participating member nodes.
Research Workspace	urn:node:RW	PROD	The Research Workspace is a web-based, scientific data management platform that allows researchers to store and share their data.
Forest Ecosystem Monitoring Cooperative Member Node	urn:node:FEMC	PROD	This DataONE Member Node is operated by the Forest Ecosystem Monitoring Cooperative, housing research and monitoring data on forested ecosystems
Organization for Tropical Studies - Neotropical Data Center	urn:node:OTS_NDC	PROD	The Organization for Tropical Studies NeoTropical Data Center (OTS-NTDC) is a U.S. based non-profit consortium located at Duke University, and composed of over 60 academic and research institutions from the United States, Costa Rica, South Africa, Mexico, Peru and Australia. OTS-NDC is designed to safeguard and promote sharing and reuse of scientific data from neotropical ecosystems of Costa Rica. OTS-NDC manages ecological data generated at research stations located in La Selva, Las Cruces, and Palo Verde, Costa Rica by both OTS-NDC and independent researchers. OTS-NDC was originally funded by the U.S. NSF (FSML program), but is now operated autonomously by OTS-NDC.
PANGAEA	urn:node:PANGAEA	PROD	Data publisher for Earth & Environmental Science
ESS-DIVE	urn:node:ESS_DIVE	PROD	The U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Environmental Systems Science Data Infrastructure for a Virtual Ecosystem (ESS-DIVE) is a data archive for Earth and environmental science data. ESS-DIVE is funded by the Data Management program within the Climate and Environmental Science Division under the DOE's Office of Biological and Environmental Research program (BER), and is maintained by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
Chinese Ecosystem Research Network (CERN)	urn:node:CAS_CERN	PROD	Chinese Ecosystem Research Network (CERN) is a national network intended to integrate networked observation, experiment, and modeling of the typical ecosystems in China. This member node (CAS_CERN) includes various data obtained from long-term observation, investigation and simulation, which is critical to help detect and understand ecosystem changes of China.
Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies (powered by Figshare)	urn:node:FIGSHARE_CARY	PROD	Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies generates rigorous scientific knowledge about ecological systems and their importance to human well-being.
IEDA EARTHCHEM	urn:node:IEDA_EARTHCHEM	PROD	The EarthChem Library (ECL) is a US-NSF funded domain data repository that provides preservation, publication, and access services for datasets and other digital objects from geochemical, geochronological, petrological, mineralogical, and other related research.
IEDA USAP	urn:node:IEDA_USAP	PROD	The US Antarctic Program Data Center (USAP-DC) is funded by the US National Science Foundation to provide data preservation, publication, and access services for data acquired for the USAP. The Center also works to improve access to the broader network of Antarctic datasets hosted in other disciplinary data repositories and registered with the Antarctic Master Directory of GCMD.
IEDA MGDL	urn:node:IEDA_MGDL	PROD	The Marine Geoscience Digital Library (MGDL) is funded by the US National Science Foundation to provide data preservation, publication, and access services for the marine geoscience research community. Data management services are provided for geological and geophysical field data acquired with ships, towed platforms and submersibles and associated science products.
metaGRIL	urn:node:METAGRIL	PROD	GRIL data catalog
ARM - Atmospheric Radiation Measurement Research Facility	urn:node:ARM	PROD	ARM focuses on obtaining continuous measurements—supplemented by field campaigns—and providing data products that promote the advancement of climate models. Serving users worldwide, the ARM Data Center collects and archives approximately 25 terabytes of data per month. ARM data include routine data products, value-added products (VAPs), field campaign data, complementary external data products from collaborating programs, and data contributed by ARM principal investigators for use by the scientific community. Data quality reports, graphical displays of data availability/quality, and data plots are also available from the ARM Data Center.
California Ocean Protection Council Data Repository	urn:node:CA_OPC	PROD	The California Ocean Protection Council (OPC) serves as the California Governor's advisor on ocean and coastal policy and is charged with safeguarding coastal and ocean ecosystems for the benefit of all Californians. OPC provides best available science to decisionmakers, develops science-based policy recommendations, strategically deploys funding and other resources, and collaborates across jurisdictional, programmatic, and regional boundaries.
Hydroshare	urn:node:HYDROSHARE	PROD	DataONE proxy for Hydroshare, CUAHSI's online collaboration environment for sharing data, models, and code.
